gh-107607: Update comment about utf-8 BOM being ignored (#107858)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/lexical_analysis.rst

If no encoding declaration is found, the default encoding is UTF-8.  In
addition, if the first bytes of the file are the UTF-8 byte-order mark
(``b'\xef\xbb\xbf'``), the declared file encoding is UTF-8-Sig (this is supported,

> among others, by Microsoft's :program:`notepad`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
among others, by Microsoft's :program:`Notepad`).
```

If no encoding declaration is found, the default encoding is UTF-8.  In
addition, if the first bytes of the file are the UTF-8 byte-order mark

> (``b'\xef\xbb\xbf'``), the declared file encoding is UTF-8-Sig (this is supported,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(``b'\xef\xbb\xbf'``), the declared file encoding is UTF-8 with BOM (this is supported,
```
